Add help for various C# 11 diagnostics (#51329)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/feature-version-errors.md

- **CS8929**: *Method cannot implement interface member in type because the target runtime doesn't support static abstract members in interfaces.*
- **CS8957**: *Conditional expression is not valid in language version because a common type was not found between types.*
- **CS8967**: *Newlines inside a non-verbatim interpolated string are not supported in C#*

> - **CS9041**: *Requires compiler feature, which is not supported by this version of the C# compiler.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CS9041**: *Requires a compiler feature that is not supported by this version of the C# compiler.*
```
